hello everybody it's that time that's
right we are going to catch up on all
five Mission Impossible movies before
Mission Impossible fallout hits tears
this weekend and no we're not gonna do
one of those intros that's like good
morning Mr Hunt this message will
self-destruct your mission should you
choose to accept it attackee
it's been done we are however reporting
this video from inside the stealth jet
that's attached to another jet that's
attached to a helicopter that's carrying
a vault containing the International
Space Station and that's gonna
self-destruct but after the show in the
first Mission Impossible Ethan Hunt is
just a regular old agent of the
impossible mission force or IMF under
the command of Jim Phelps their first
mission track down a file listing every
secret agent known as the NOC list if
that list gets out into the open the
names of our agents and every country in
Eastern Europe will be up for grabs to
the highest bidders unfortunately
someone gets the drop on the IMF team
and they all get taken out one by one my
team is dead it turns out the list was a
decoy to flush out a mole in the IMF
with the code name of Joe and because
he's the only one that survived Ethan
Hunt is now the prime suspect so he uses
some explosive chewing gum that Emilio
Estevez gave them and gets away yeah
that's right you heard me
explosive chewing gum that's what
happens the IMF mole had a plan to sell
the NOC list to a shadowy arms dealer
named max
sidenote if you're a fan of shadowy arms
dealers just in general welcome to your
new favorite franchise okay so Ethan's
plan is to impersonate the mole and
track down max to both clear his name
and avenge his dead team
Ethan realizes Jobe refers to a Bible
verse not the Bluth and uses that to
establish communication with max via a
super 90s computer search montage right
around this time whoops turns out that
Ethan's not the sole survivor because an
actually alive Claire Phelps shows up at
the Prague safehouse
Ethan delicately delivers with maximum
sensitivity the tragic news about her
husband's passing
wake up Claire Jim's dead they're dead
Claire sticks around and Ethan goes to
meet max who turns out to be a lady knew
something in 1996 this was considered a
shocking plot twist
Ethan promises to steal the real NOC
list for max is shield and delivered the
actual IMF mold to him Claire and Ethan
recruit two disavowed agents to help
them out the knife wielding professional
Krieger and the hacking superstar Luther
stickell together they steal the NOC
list from deep inside CIA headquarters
in Langley Virginia closely they pull it
all off get the NOC list on a disk and
head to London Ethan's brought the Bible
along from the safehouse and casing
these cysts and more super secret coded
messages to max or possibly Tom Hanks
and on second glance he sees it was
originally taken from the Drake Hotel in
Chicago the very hotel where Jim Phelps
had told the team he'd just been staying
right before the original mission began
Drake Hotel Chicago so ease and figures
out that mr. Phelps is really the mole
Ethan's not so sure about Claire yet so
he keeps his mouth shut and he gives the
NOC list to Luther for safekeeping and
also has some excuse to say NOC list a
few more times it's just a really fun
word list Nakhla stylist nut list now
you say NOC list NOC list see sure
enough a not dead Jim Phelps shows up in
London and tries to convince Ethan that
Kittredge is the real mole it was cute
rich but Ethan doesn't go for it and he
arranges for all the main characters to
be aboard the same high-speed train the
next day
Ethan uses one of IMS amazing identity
swapping masks to impersonate Jim and
fools Claire into revealing their whole
plan we take the money
Ethan takes the blame you know she
really should have seen that coming in
this franchise it's more likely that
you're not talking to the person that
you think you're talking to Ethan
smartly uses some fancy camera glasses
to out Phelps as the mole morning mr.
Phelps
Phelps grabs Max's money shoots Claire
and jumps onto the roof of the Train
he's arranged to have Krieger who's also
a mole pick him up in a helicopter but
it doesn't quite work out and Phelps and
Krieger are both killed by
Chekhov's go meanwhile kitchens gets the
NOC list back for Max and Luther is
reinstated as an IMF agent and good
standing
Ethan momentarily thinks he's at a
government work for good but a new
recording reveals that he's actually the
new mr. Phelps and has another
assignment and we're off to the sequel
cue the lip biscuit sound alike Mission
Impossible - opens with Ethan on
vacation visiting his favorite perilous
cliffs he's interrupted by a new handler
who is not kitsch but who has sent him a
pair of talking sunglasses morning mr.
Hoffman he's played by Anthony Hopkins
also his talking sunglasses exploit
so while Ethan was on vacation an old
pal of his named Nikora vich attempted
to deliver an extremely dangerous
engineered virus named chimera and it's
antidote into imf's hands swanbeck
wanted to send Ethan on this mission but
he was so busy doing very impressive
things on a cliff that he sent IMF agent
Sean Ambrose and Ethan's placed Ambrose
actually impersonated Ethan for this
mission
using those very convincing masks along
with a wearable chip that alters your
voice these will become standard-issue
in future installments sadly it turns
out Sean Ambrose is very very evil
instead of recovering chimera he killed
in the korvac and stole the samples for
himself swanbeck tells Ethan to find the
thief named nya who used to date Ambrose
and is their best hope of tracking him
down at first nya is hesitant to join
Ethan's team but then they bond over a
shared fondness for car chases and
they've fallen so nigh agrees to get
back together with Ambrose and pass
information on his plans back to IMF and
if you're thinking this sounds a lot
like the Alfred Hitchcock movie
notorious you're right and we commend
you on your knowledge of both the
classics and films partially scored by
limp Biskit
Ethan breaks into the headquarters of
bio site the company that created
chimera to destroy all the remaining
samples of the virus and wipe it out
once and for all it should be mentioned
right around this point eighty minutes
and that the movie remembers that it's
being directed by John Woo
only one dose of chimera remains and
Naya injects it into herself
so Ambrose can't get his hands on it and
can't shoot her either
meanwhile Ethan bravely escapes into the
night without his now deathly ill
girlfriend okay we're almost through
this thing
Ambrose holes up at bio sites island
fortress something that every drug
company now owns Johnson and Johnson's
even has a submarine Doc Ambrose's plan
is to take over bio site then use nya to
contaminate the entire planet with
chimera so the demand for the antidote
will skyrocket you create the supply mr.
McCoy we've just created a demand
capital isn't am i right Ethan
interrupts with birds and explosions and
explosions of birds and he manages to
escape on a motorcycle carrying the
priceless antidote the key to Ambrose's
fortune taking out a lot of cars and
Ambrose's guys in the process
Ambrose has set Naya loose on Sydney so
she can contaminate the entire city and
she plans to jump off a cliff
destroying chimera forever but Ethan's
team finds her first and saves her
Ambrose chases Ethan down on a bike of
his own and they have a final showdown
on the beach
Ethan eventually takes Ambrose out and
they inject nya with the antidote
Bellerophon just in time to savor this
chaos - and she does for the remainder
of the series but if you're a fan of
Anthony Hopkins creepy manipulating
Tandy Newton and complex labyrinth in
ways through the use of proxies may I
recommend HBO's Westworld
moving on to Mission Impossible 3
sometime later Ethan the said nat Anaya
and fallen head over heels in love with
Julia the two of them are engaged but he
hasn't told her or any of their friends
what he really does for a living has to
track back he's also given up on being
an active field agent and has switched
over to training new IMF recruits this
includes promising young upstart Lindsey
Farris also swanbeck has died or quit
IMF or married Kittredge and settled
down in the country or something because
Ethan has another new handler named
Musgrave he interrupts Ethan's
engagement party with some disturbing
news
it seems Farris now an IMF field agent
has disappeared while trailing an arms
dealer named Owen Davian yes
another arms dealer can you believe it
Musgrave wants Ethan at a team to go in
gather any Intel they can on Davian and
Save Ferris mr. Rooney would not approve
obviously the team includes Luther and
also newcomers Declan and Zen Ethan lies
to Julia and heads off to Berlin
Ethan grabs agent Farris and Zhen
collects some intel on Davian before
she's interrupted by a grenade
but still gets away with some damaged
goods Ethan and Lindsay shoot their way
out but as they escape by helicopter
they find out Davian and planet and
explosive inside Lindsay's head it's
gonna detonate less we try to charge but
it goes off before they can do anything
okay so remember davian's laptops and
stuff that zen got out of the factory
but they were all damaged by the
explosion well a very clever technician
named Benji still manages to pull some
data from them it's all got to do with
the rabbit's foot but what is the
rabbit's foot well it turns out JJ
Abrams made this movie so we'll never
really know no I don't have any idea
what it is but we do know that Davian
plans to sell it will be at a charity
benefit at the Vatican so it's off to
Rome oh wait first Ethan and Julia get
impromptu married and we find out that
Ethan's middle name is Matthew hereby
take Ethan bet he won this will almost
definitely not be important later okay
Rome
Ethan gets into the Vatican by scaling
the walls and disguising himself as a
priest they make one of their patented
mission impossible masks on sight so
Ethan can take davian's place at the
party
Ethan swaps places with Davian and the
bathroom and exits with his briefcase
but only after giving the late great
Philip Seymour Hoffman and awesome scene
where he plays Tom Cruise playing
himself stalling for time so his voice
chip can kick in Ethan meets up with Zen
and they escape making it look as if
dave ian has died in a fiery explosion
Ethan tries to get Davian to give him
more info about the rabbit's foot and
you're gonna tell us everything he tries
hard
unfortunately Ethan gets no information
and Luther slips up and drops his real
name but that would only be bad if
someone attacked the IMF team and
davian's somehow escaped back on the
ground the IMF team is attacked and
Davian escapes they even use a drone to
fire missiles at Ethan Hunt personally
knowing that Davey knows who he actually
is Ethan tries to warn Julia but her
idiot brother Aaron Paul has already
dropped the dime on where to find her
look it's all good man I told him I
didn't know where you were and Julia
might and she just tried the hospital
hello so now she's kidnapped damn it
Jesse Davian calls with a deal for Ethan
well his life wait 48 hours
wait he's basically good with this but
before he can pull off the heist he's
detained by the IMF but not for long
because Musgrave sets
Ethan free and even mouths him
directions for where he should start the
search for the rabbit's foot in Shanghai
China taken to the holy Musgrave also
sends Ethan his team so they can plan
the rabbit's foot heist together
according to the plans from davian's
briefcase it's in a laboratory on the
56th floor of the hanxiang new building
to get it Ethan swings between a few
skyscrapers nearly slides to his death
down a glass rooftop parachutes out of
the window
and almost gets hit by a truck hanging
over a busy highway but he recovers the
rabbit's foot intact
I knew he'd make it Ethan arranges a
meet with Davian to deliver the rabbit's
foot and save Julia Luther has
reservations
you know they probably plan to kill you
both and he is correct the moment he
shows up Ethan is drugged has a
detonator injected into his nose aah
and is forced to watch as Davian shoots
Julia in the head it's a fake out though
it wasn't really Julia oh and it turns
out that Musgrave is a traitor and was
working with Davian all along I am tired
of earth these people I'm tired of being
caught in the tangle of their lives
Ethan takes advantage of Musgrave being
an idiot to get free and with Benji's
help uses Musgraves phone to find out
where they're holding Julia I need a
trace location he runs across a bridge
to her this takes a really long time
like in movie running time this is 18
bridges he's still running
this is an unbroken shot of Tom Cruise
just running and I'm exhausted just as
Ethan gets to Juliet Davian triggers the
detonator in his head and takes
advantage of his weakened state to beat
him up Ethan overcomes the pain and
still manages to kill Davian r.i.p psh
we miss you
Ethan freeze julia and hazard zapping
with a power line to fry the charges
brain while he's unconscious she takes
out a henchman and Musgrave and recovers
the rabbit's foot plus she brings Ethan
back to life with the power of her
nursing he tells her everything that
works for an agency and they all share
happy ending hugs well except for
Felicity she's dead
Mission Impossible Ghost Protocol or as
I like to call it macGruber opens with
Ethan locked in a moscow prison why it's
complicated we'll circle back to it
Ethan's totally cool doing his Steve
McQueen thing in jail but the IMF has
other ideas and they engineer a breakout
Ethan escapes but insist on also
breaking out his prison buddy Bogdan had
the Intel if I left him there they would
have killed him so we're gonna give him
his freedom
they didn't just break Ethan out to be
nice though if the secretary wanted me
out of there must be pretty bad out here
the IMF needs his help now field agent
Benji and new team member Carter were
working on another operation in Budapest
with Sawyer from lost
I mean agent Sawyer from lost mmm
Sawyer's tracking a man carrying Russian
nuclear launch codes he recovered them
but was shot and killed before the rest
of his team could get there before he
died Sawyer's fancy eyeball camera
identified his killer this be Morrell
contract killer
wait she only works for diamonds
now whatever something something
assassins best friend the team figures
out that she plans to sell the nuclear
codes to somebody known only as COBOL
he's determined to detonate a nuclear
weapon however he can
we know Moreau swore him before so their
new assignment is to break into the
Kremlin and steal some files to find out
more about this cobalt so they do Benji
and Ethan poses generals and they use a
fancy projector screen to fool the
security guards and access the vault
then everything just goes straight to
hell
the cobalt files are already gone and
this is empty but even worse
cobalt who's actually a guy named Kurt
Hendricks has also broken into the
Kremlin himself piggybacking on the IMF
mission chicken Dave later but instead
of some file that's not even there he's
stealing a nuclear launch device to make
things even worse while pretending to be
part of IMF Hendricks detonates a huge
bomb that blows the Kremlin apart a way
to Yogo science
so now the Russian authorities think I
am f bomb them on behalf of the US
government we both know that burial
costs of a explosion was you Ethan gets
away from the cops and is picked up by
the Secretary of IMF along with his top
analyst Brandt who is Jeremy Renner also
Brandt is Philip Seymour Hoffman's name
in The Big Lebowski again we miss you
psh
the Kremlin attack has caused the
president to activate ghost Protocol
which disavows the entire IMF agency but
still allows Ethan and his team to
continue working unsanctioned to try to
find Cobalt
but before he can even finish the
assignment the caravan is attacked and
the Secretary is killed man Tom
Wilkinson got more screen time in the
Dark Knight franchise than this one
right maybe fast and furious can find
something for him Ethan and Brant get
away
the Secretary has directed them to a
secret stocked IMF train car where Benji
and Jane are waiting the Secretary's
instructions point the team to Dubai
Moreau the assassin plans to sell the
nuclear launch codes to one of Hendricks
men Wistrom at the famous very very tall
Burj Khalifa Hotel our objective is to
intercept the sale place the authentic
codes with counterfeits follow Wistrom
to pull off the mission they hold two
separate meetings Moreau and Wistrom
think they're meeting one another but
Moreau is actually leading Ethan and
Wistrom is actually meeting Carter
everybody got that there will be a pop
quiz later for all of it to work Benji
needs to control the elevators and for
that to work
Ethan has to scale the side of the
building using gravity defying Astro
gloves and a scene that will make you
wish you were watching this and IMAX
instead of on your phone for complicated
reasons we don't need to get into they
actually end up using a real copy of the
actual nuclear launch codes in the fake
deal which is a problem because Wistrom
gets out of the hotel with the help of a
massive sandstorm
and just as Wistrom is escaping he pulls
back a mask to reveal that he was
actually hendricks all along again why
are we ever surprised that somebody
pulls off a mask in this franchise and
reveals that they are not the person
they say that they are so Hendricks has
a launch device
and launch codes but now he needs a
satellite to actually launch a nuke at
satellite owned by Indian telecom
billionaire Brijnath we have to shut it
down
before he gets that chance so it's off
to India but first Brandt tells Benji
and Jane some superhot IMF cos it seems
that he was working a mission in Croatia
monitoring Ethan and Julia hunt remember
Julia from the last movie and Julia get
this was killed so what happened to the
husband never saw him again until two
days ago in Moscow the secretary
introduced me the Ethan Hunt this
apparently cost Ethan's a snap and
murdered the entire Serbian hit squad
responsible which is what landed him in
that Russian Jail where were we
oh yeah Mumbai the plan is for Brandt to
jump into the computer room wearing a
magnetic suit because at this point in
the mission impossible franchise nothing
is too ridiculous but in what is a
running theme for this installment the
plan completely does not work and
possible missions remember Hendricks is
one step ahead of them and put a virus
in the downloaded uploaded the uplink
satellite to he did a computer thing
uplink to satellite reboot to original
military specs download the virus Ethan
is now racing to get to Hendricks and
the nuclear launch device but the
missiles already launched and it's
headed for San Francisco
Ethan figures he can still redirect or
even stop the missile if he gets that
briefcase we're gonna get that case so
he chases Hendricks through the streets
of Mumbai and into an automated parking
garage is that a thing we don't have
those in the States
Hendricks flings himself down the length
of the structure with the briefcase
rather than letting Ethan get it so
Ethan drives a car down after like you
do everything comes together just in the
nick of time to save San Francisco and
with it the day back in the States
Ethan introduces Brandt to Luthor who
has no interest in either ghosts or
protocols and shocks him by revealing
that his wife Julia is actually alive
her entire death was a ploy by Ethan to
protect Julia from his enemies and get
him thrown into that Russian Jail where
he could meet Bogdan who had information
Hendriks that makes sense right I can't
really remember it anyway
Ethan and Julia share a meaningful
glance knowing that they can never truly
be together while Ethan lives the
dangerous life of an IMF field agent but
before we wrap this one up there's a
little lead-in to the next film as he's
in walks away
he wasn't super recording laying out his
next mission now an emerging terror
organization
sure enough Mission Impossible rogue
nation opens with Ethan Benjie Luthor
and Brandt hot on the trail of The
Syndicate which is in the process of
transporting some Rockets containing VX
nerve gas that plane cannot take off the
package on it you understand Ethan jumps
on the plane and hangs on for dear life
until they can get that trailer shot and
then benji hacks the doors open and
ethan manages to recover the weapons but
when he goes to a london record shop to
covertly report back to IMF the
syndicate turns the tables on him we are
the syndicate to hunt and now we know
who you are
ethan is neutralized with knockout gas
the syndicates founder Solomon Lane
shoots the nice girl who ran the record
shop and Ethan is taken to a dungeon and
tortured meanwhile back in DC CIA
director Hunley believes you should a bc
a always BB c-- closing the IMF for good
time has come to dissolve the item
chairman transfer their salvageable
assets to the CIA back to Ethan he's in
real trouble
Yanik think time they call you the bone
doctor until he's set free by british
undercover agent Ilsa Faust the least
british name for any british person i've
ever heard
she's working undercover as an assassin
with the syndicate
we've never met before right Ilsa helps
Ethan escape but stays behind to finish
her assignment also can we roll it back
real quick are those like vertical
setups how does Tom Cruise do that he's
56 years old
that's insane I'm sorry that's just a
quick moment of Tom Cruise appreciation
where were we we didn't kill them you
did
I tried to stop you you got away right
so Ethan calls Brandt for help but finds
out that the IMF has been totally
dissolved by Congress there's no more
IMF I've been ordered to bring everyone
in it so he disappears for six months
which he spends tracking Ilsa and Lane
along with other syndicate operatives it
turns out they're all former spies who
have been labeled as disavowed or dead
Benji who now has a boring CIA desk job
gets a letter in the mail containing
free tickets to the Vienna Opera and
sure enough when he shows up it's
actually a secret assignment from Ethan
welcome to Vienna Benji Benji Benji will
use his special camera glasses to scan
for Lane whom Ethan believes will be in
the crowd you find him we tagged him I
follow him wherever he goes
and sure enough he's there apparently
coordinating the assassination of the
Chancellor of Austria and one of the
assassins turns out to be Ilsa
that blows Ethan shoots the Chancellor
to save his life and escapes with Elsa
whom he's now deduced is a double agent
the Chancellor still dies them turns out
the assassination was a test for Elsa
which she failed and the car bomb was
insurance Ilsa still wants to go back
undercover so she pulls a ladybird and
pretend escapes from Ethan but leaves a
tube of lipstick behind containing a
secret flash drive this leads even to
Benji to Morocco where Tulsa is waiting
she says she's been tasked by Lane with
stealing a disk which a former operative
stole from him Lane had a ledger it
contained the identities of his
operatives his terrorist associates the
entire inner workings of the syndicate
as with all valuable disks slash
information slash viruses in this
franchise it's kept in a super high-tech
facility that requires Ethan to manually
tamper with the security systems which
are located in a separate vault
underwater
Ethan manages to do it Benji gets
through and downloads the ledger but
Ethan nearly drowns and Ilsa has to jump
down after him and save him
things are momentarily looking up mr.
Chen but then Ilsa grabs the ledger and
makes a break for it
Benji and Ethan go after but Ethan's not
exactly at a hundred percent just yet
you okay to drive
a minute ago you were dead talking about
there's a long chase involving
motorcycles and cars and Ethan and Benji
meet up with Luther and Brandt who have
come to warn them that the CIA is
planning to kill them it also gets away
with the ledger but of course I made a
copy
however when Benji and Luther tried to
access the ledger they discover it's
been super encrypted and can only be
accessed by the actual Prime Minister of
England the Prime Minister we're gonna
steal the Prime Minister of England
sorry sorry wrong franchise lane kidnaps
Benji as a way of forcing Ethan and his
team to snag the Prime Minister and
unlock the flash drive for Ethan does by
using his trusty mission impossible mass
and finds out the dark truth The
Syndicate was actually formed by British
intelligence and it's now being operated
by Solomon Lane as a rogue nation a
former agent who want to run the world
their way we know you created the
syndicate but Lane went rogue and turn
it against you Alec Baldwin's all like
hey man I believe you now sorry for
trying to kill you and Ethan memorizes
all of the information on the disk
before destroying it which turns out to
be the bank account information for the
syndicate to operate for decades its
operating budget was to be hidden
offshore in a virtual red box which I
alone would control so now Ethan Hunt is
the only person that has the bank
account numbers that Solomon Lane so
desperately seeks I am the desk
I memorized him on 2.4 billion in
numbered accounts Lane tries to outwit
Ethan by strapping a bomb to Benji but
it backfires when he finds out that if
he kills Ethan all of his money goes
bye-bye without me you're nothing
so the bomb gets disarmed the agents
escape and then they find Lane who they
seal up into an actual glass cage of
emotion mr. Lane
meet the IMF and this pretty much puts
all the pieces in place for mission
impossible fallout Solomon Lane is in
custody for his many many international
crimes the syndicate has no leader but
apparently does have a network of
disavowed agents still on the loose
Ilsa Faust has given up the spy life the
IMF has been reformed with Hunley
the new secretary Ethan and his team are
still in the field
Ethan's true love julia is keeping a low
profile for her own protection and
Felicity is well she's still dead sorry
Felicity anyway that's our rundown of
all five Mission Impossible movies to
this point and if you think this was
long hey we just saved you like 11 hours
of watching actual movies so you know
it's all kind of a trade-off let us know
what you think below tell us if we
missed out any detail I'm sure we did
because these things are jammed with
impossible to remember details and as
always thanks for watching
[Music]